Purchase Membership - Tate Members | Tate
<iframe  src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQPJ9H" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">
Menu
Tate Home
Sign In
Close
Search Tate
Search
Close
Shop
£0.00
Main menu
Exhibitions
Now booking
Anthony McCall Extended
Electric Dreams Now booking
Leigh Bowery! Now booking
Ed Atkins Now booking
Do Ho Suh Now booking
Prints, books & gifts
Anthony McCall
Ed Atkins
Electric Dreams
Ithell Colquhoun: Between Worlds
Leigh Bowery!
The 80s Photographing Britain
Do Ho Suh:
Walk The House
Shop now
New
Prints
View all prints
Vintage exhibition posters
Prints by artist A - Z
Custom prints
Prints by colour
Prints by theme
Prints by room
Posters
Picture frames
RAOUL DUFY
Shop now
Editions
Books
View all books
About artists
Art history
Art movement
Exhibition books
Modern & contemporary art
Photography & film
Kids
Signed, exclusive and limited editions
Yinka Ilori: You Are an Artist
Shop now
Fashion
View all fashion
Bags & fashion accessories
Jewellery
Custom print clothing
T-shirts & apparel
Scarves
UNIQLO x TATE
Shop now
Home
View all home
Art rugs
Cushions & textiles
Decorative accessories
Kitchen & tableware
Food & Drink
Neon lights
Kitchen & Tableware
Shop now
Gifts
Art supplies
Gift certificates
Greetings cards
Gifts
Coffee by Tate
Jigsaw puzzles & games
Kids
Stationery, calendars & diaries
Tate Britain shop
Tate Liverpool shop
Tate St Ives shop
Tate Modern Shop
ART SUPPLIES
Shop now
Membership
Join as a Member
Join as a Life Member
Give a gift membership
Join Tate Collective
Donate
GIVE A GIFT MEMBERSHIP
Order now
Contact us
Sign In
Tate Home
1. Select a membership
Gift membership
Card Holders
Gift Aid
TATE MEMBERS
A world of unlimited art
A world of unlimited art
From £7.50 a month
Join Now
Sign in
FREE EXHIBITION ENTRY
No need to book
DEDICATED MEMBERS HOURS
At morning quiet times
MEMBERS ROOMS
Unwind in beautiful spaces
10% TATE SHOP DISCOUNT
Take home art-inspired gifts
SPECIAL EVENTS
Just for Members
Choose your membership
Annual 
(Save £12)*
Monthly
Member
Enjoy free entry for one
£90
£78
/first year
Select
+
Member & Guest
Share your visit with a guest
£132
£120
/first year
Selected
+
Member, Guest & Extra Card
Visit with up to three guests and get two cards for extra flexibility
£174
£162
/first year
Select
Who is this membership for?
It's for me
It's a gift
Add these to your membership
London private views
Discover exhibitions before the public and after hours.
£42
/year
Add to membership
Read more
London Private views
Get special access to Tate Modern and Tate Britain exhibitions when the galleries
are at their quietest
Close
Tate Liverpool card
Bring three guests and see exhibitions before the public.
£12
/year
Add to membership
Read more
Tate Liverpool card
In addition to your free entry, enjoy special events and previews of Tate Liverpool exhibitions, plus free access for three guests whenever you visit.
Close
Tate St Ives card
Bring three guests and see exhibitions before the public.
£12
/year
Add to membership
Read more
Tate St Ives Card
In addition to your free entry, enjoy special events and previews of Tate St Ives exhibitions, plus free access for three guests whenever you visit.
Close
Continue
MEMBER AND GUEST
£120
/first year
Continue
MEMBER AND GUEST
£120
/First year billed annually
Continue
What’s on for Members?
Enjoy free entry to every exhibition and special Members events
Current exhibitions
Upcoming exhibitions
Member events
Tate Modern
Anthony McCall
Until 29 Jun 2025
More info
Tate Modern
Electric Dreams
Until 1 Jun 2025
More info
Tate Britain
Ed Atkins
Until 25 Aug 2025
More info
Tate Modern
Leigh Bowery!
Until 31 Aug 2025
More info
See all exhibitions
YOU'LL ALSO ENJOY...
Members Rooms
Unwind in beautiful spaces just for Members
Tate Etc.
Enjoy a free subscription to our magazine and keep up-to-date with all the latest art news
10% Tate Shop discount **
Take home prints, artworks, fashion, and more, for less
MEMBERS ARE PART OF SOMETHING INCREDIBLE
Your support helps us care for our national collection, share the benefits of creativity, and champion the right to art for everyone
Join now
Renew your membership
USEFUL INFORMATION
Do I need to book to visit the galleries?
Members enjoy unlimited free entry to exhibitions and collection displays – no need to book, just turn up with your membership card.
How many children can I take into exhibitions and Members Rooms?
All Members can bring up to six children who are 16 years old or under.
How many guests can I bring in with me?
This varies by membership type:
'Member' means you can visit for free on your own
'Member' plus guest' means you can bring one guest
'Member plus guest plus extra card' means you can bring up to three guests
If you need to check your membership type, just log in to My Account
How do I renew my membership?
You can renew online via My Account
Call +44 (0)20 7887 8888 (open daily).
Renew in the gallery at any Members desk (Tate Modern, Tate Britain or Tate St Ives).
Download the renewal form PDF [92.91 Kb] and return it via Freepost to: FREEPOST RTLS-XHAC-RXHY, Tate Members, Tate, London SW1P 4RG.
What are the benefits of Member Plus Guest Plus Extra Card membership?
This membership is ideal for families - you'll receive two membership cards, each admitting two adults and up to six family to exhibitions and Members Rooms.
You'll receive one issue of Tate Etc. magazine, listings guides and e-bulletins per membership.
What are the Christmas delivery dates?
Select 'It's a Christmas gift' and order your gift in time for Christmas delivery:
Gift membership packs will be delivered from mid-November
Free delivery is available until midnight 17 December
Royal Mail Special Delivery is available until midnight 19 December
Collect in any gallery until 23 December
 
Find the answers to more commonly asked questions
Contact Us
If you have any questions, you can contact us by phone on +44
(0) 20 7887 8888  option 1 (10.00 - 17.00 daily) or email us at
members@tate.org.uk and we'll be able to help.
Carlos Cruz-Diez, Environnement Chromointerférent, Paris, 1974/2018, installation view in Electric Dreams, Tate Modern, 2024.
Photo © Tate (Liam Man)
*£12 discount only available to Members joining by Annual Direct Debit who haven't held a Direct Debit Membership in the last year.
**Courtesy of Tate Enterprises.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Stay in the know
Stay in the know
Sign Up
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
Shopping at Tate
Why shop at Tate?
Visit our shops
Customer services
Delivery information
Contact us
FAQs
Refunds & returns
Privacy & cookies
T&Cs
Accessibility
Go to Tate Home
Privacy & cookies
T&Cs
Accessibility
Back to top
About Your PrivacyWe process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. Some vendors may process your data based on their legitimate interests, which does not require your consent. You cannot object to tracking technologies placed to ensure security, prevent fraud, fix errors, or deliver and present advertising and content, and precise geolocation data and active scanning of device characteristics for identification may be used to support this purpose. This exception does not apply to targeted advertising. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesPerformance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Strictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Store and/or access information on a device 713 partners can use this purpose   Store and/or access information on a device Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Illustrations Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development 848 partners can use this purpose   Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development Use limited data to select advertising 663 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).View Illustrations Create profiles for personalised advertising 526 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.View Illustrations Use profiles to select personalised advertising 526 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.View Illustrations Create profiles to personalise content 233 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.View Illustrations Use profiles to select personalised content 210 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.View Illustrations Measure advertising performance 768 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.View Illustrations Measure content performance 384 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.View Illustrations Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources 486 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).View Illustrations Develop and improve services 577 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.View Illustrations Use limited data to select content 147 partners can use this purpose   Switch Label Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).View Illustrations List of IAB Vendors‎Use precise geolocation data 270 partners can use this special feature   Use precise geolocation data With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.List of IAB Vendors‎Actively scan device characteristics for identification 136 partners can use this special feature   Actively scan device characteristics for identification With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.List of IAB Vendors‎Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors 547 partners can use this special purpose Always ActiveYour data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Illustrations Deliver and present advertising and content 544 partners can use this special purpose Always ActiveCertain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Illustrations Save and communicate privacy choices 378 partners can use this special purpose Always ActiveThe choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Illustrations Match and combine data from other data sources 384 partners can use this feature Always ActiveInformation about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.List of IAB Vendors‎Link different devices 340 partners can use this feature Always ActiveIn support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).List of IAB Vendors‎Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically 516 partners can use this feature Always ActiveYour device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.List of IAB Vendors‎Back ButtonCookie List Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My Choices